The article had many interesting ideas on how to assess students. 
Grades are not always the best solution as the article stated as many students just work for the grade not to learn the subject. 
From firsthand experience I know this is true because many times I have just focused on memorizing for a test and not actually working to learn the material. 
This helped me get a good grade on a test but when I had to use the material again in a later class it was more difficult because I had not truly learned how to do it. 
This has also frustrated me from time to time because many of my teachers and professors have just given us busy work for a grade. 
This did not make me like the topics because all I saw from it was time, I had to use to do simple work that did not help me to learn the topics. 
Likewise, the article mentioned how grades make students go for the easiest path to an A. 
This is very true as I and many students are afraid to take a topic that we do not know, or we view as challenging out of the fear of a bad grade. 
Though I believe this should be the opposite for school as it is meant to challenge us and expand our horizons so we can continue to improve. 
Students should not have to be working towards a rubric because that does not always show the students knowledge of a topic. 
For example, having a page or word requirement for a paper can give a guideline for an assignment, but a 2-page paper that is to the point and shows knowledge of a topic is 
better than a 5-page paper full of filler. In addition, I believe that grades can lead to a hostile environment for a classroom. 
This is because many students want to have the best grade and that can lead to people not wanting to work together or even hindering another student. 
School should not be set up as a competition for the best grade, the students should work together so they can help each other, and this can lead to them learning more.


The article also discussed how we should move away from using grades as a way for universities to accept students into their school. 
This is the part I find the hardest to find a solution to as grades can be a benchmark to see if the student will be able to handle the challenge of the school. 
If they do not have grades, I believe it would be more difficult for schools to know if a student would be up to the work of the school. 
In addition, we would have to find new scholarships and grants as many students use their good grades in school to get the aid needed to afford the school. 
Though I like the articles ideas of recommendations, essays, and interviews for colleges I do think grades help set a base level of a student’s knowledge. 
